My name is Hafsat Saidu (nee Najib Hussein) the founder and creative director of Persia Regal Attire.

I come from a traditional Arewa Royal background. The beauty of our traditional Regalia... "the Alkyabba, Kurfai, Zabuni, Kufta, Babbar Riga, Hamila, Kandiri, Sulke" etc have always enthralled me. We have a very rich cultural attire heritage. The sights, sounds and colours of the traditional annual durbar has become an inspiration...how do we get these beautiful, heavily embroidered traditional clothes from the realm of customes to the realm of modern day occasional and everyday wear for the ordinary people?

Persia Regal Attire was born out of a passion for creating beautiful clothes that are relevant in the modern day while still preserving the rich arewa cultural heritage.

The traditional arewa embroidery is heavily influenced by Moroccan embroidery  because of ancient trade between the hausa states and North African Arab/berber tribes.

We have modernised our designs by using modern light fabrics, by adding beautiful beading and crystals, and also incorporating fabric painting into our traditional embroidery designs.

At Persia our mission is to make Regal Attires accessible to everyone.

Outlook

The future for Persia Regal Attire.



Persia Regal Attire was born out of a hobby and in three years has grown from the home to a flagship store in the heart of Abuja, Nigeria. From working alone to having over ten permanent employees Alhamdulillah.

Our ten year development plan is to see this company grow into a lifestyle destination and a household name for African Fashion. We are working to make African fashion mainstream and be a major exporter of African culture.

We are working to diversify into jewellery, shoes, bags and home accessories until we become synonymous with quality African fashion.

We are also currently working on a more suitable company name that will truly reflect our African heritage.

"The journey of a thousand miles starts with a single step"
                     Lao Tzu

We have made strides!


Our motto is modest, traditional african fashion to the world!

Domain name: persiaregalattire
Address: Royal court villa 3. E.E.NSEFIK Close off aliyu muhammad street lifecamp Abuja
Nigeria
+2348036317221